# Hello, World

---

## W2D4 - Pop Quiz - Practice Github Classrooms

Exercise - Practice Github Classrooms is meant to familiarize you with how to use these GitHub repos to turn in your coding challenges.

---

### Available Time to Complete

10 minutes

---

### Learning Objectives

Understand how to complete and turn in JTC coding challenges

---


### Exercise Overview

Clone this repo to your computer, then follow the steps as out-lined in the pre-lesson video series for today's Technical Curriculum Overview Pre-Lesson to complete and turn in the assignment.

---

## Getting Started

0. Accept the challenge via the GitHub Classroom link (if you're already here, you've done this part!)
1. Clone the repository to your computer.
2. Follow the instructions in `jtc_technical.py`.

## Unit Testing

**DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE**

In the `test_jtc_technical.py` file, you will find unittests for the functions you implemented. Make sure your functions pass these tests.

3. From the main folder of the challenge, run your computer's version of `python3 -m unittest` to see if your code works as expected.

REMEMBER: Comment out or delete the calls to your functions -- the test will not run with them!

## Git Local

4. Perform commands for `git add`, `git commit`, `git push`.

## Git Remote

5. Access your GitHub Repository: Go to the GitHub website and log in to your account.
6. Navigate to the repository for this exercise.
7. Watch for the Red X (or yellow dot as the test runs) to change to the green check mark. The green check mark on a GitHub repository indicates that the commit or pull request has been tested and meets the defined criteria for correctness.
8. If there's a red "X" instead, it means the tests have failed. You'll need to investigate and fix the issues in VScode, then perform the `git add`, `git commit`, and `git push` steps again.

## Grade in Canvas

9. The status in Canvas does not change to Complete until an Instructor has reviewed your assignment. This process is similar to the Code review process in a real work scenario. A code review by an instructor or a senior developer after unit tests pass is an important step in the software development process. It helps ensure that the code not only functions correctly but also adheres to best practices, coding standards, and maintainability guidelines.

You are all set!
